Correct slight overlap in RAC central cartouches

---

In Inuktitut, "Amateur Radio Emergency Service" translates to the following:
ᑐᐊᕕᕐᓇᕐᒃᑐᓕᕆᓂᕐᒧᑦ ᑐᓴᕈᑎᐊᓛᑦ tuavirnaqtulirinirmut tusarutialaat

It would be nice to confirm via a second party that this translation is valid.
It would also be nice to show the exact meaning in English of each of these
words.

---

The original contributor of the US ARES logo at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ARES_Color_Logo.svg was done by someone
holding the Wikipedia username "McNeight". It would be really nice to provide
some proper attribution and thanks for this individual as their work provided
the inspiration for the Canadian ARES logos.

No full name or callsign exists in the original file and no contact information
was provided on Wikipedia. No active callsign seems to exist for the surname
"McNeight". The other pages submitted by the user seem to indicate that they
may live in Seattle, Washington and know a fair bit about various commercial
aircraft. It is thought that this person is likely Neil McNeight.

---

The official US ARES logo seems to use a font very similar to the cover of QST
Magazine. Contacting persons at the ARRL responsible for the website, logos and
magazine did not yield this information as it appears to have been forgotten.

It would be really swell to find out what the actual name of the font is and
what kind of license it has.

---

The US ARES SVG logo file seems to have been derived from the original AI file
(which seems to no longer be available from ARRL). Inkscape seems to think that
this file can be simplified without compromising the resulting
image--presumably stuff like unused layer information, redundant nodes, etc.

While this cleanup is being performed, it would also be worthwhile to set the
default size of the image from what it is now to a larger and more pixely size
like 600x600 (like the Canadian ARES SVGs).

This should be done for both the full-colour and black-and-white versions.

---

Embedding the Canadian ARES logos in a web page using the object data="foo.svg"
type="image/svg+xml" width="300" height="300" trick does not appear to allow it
to scale correctly if the width and height are smaller than the original
(600x600).

This will likely involve either scaling the SVG down a bit or figuring out why
this information is not being handled correctly by the file output by Inkscape.

---

The Canadian ARES logos use the "DejaVu Sans" Normal and Bold fonts. These do
not appear correctly if viewing the SVG embedded directly in a web page. This
needs to be fixed.
